---
Layout: post
Title: My week
Date: 2020-11-05
---

# README

README (as the name suggests: "read me") is the first file one should read when starting a new project. 
It's a set of useful information about a project, and a kind of manual. A README text file appears in many 
various places and refers not only to programming. We will focus on a programmer's README, though.


# Added README file on GitHub appears under the list of files in a repository. 

If we work professionally or learn coding, many times we come across the public repositories. We use the 
libraries made available by other developers as an open source code or we make our contribution to a project, 
reporting/fixing bugs, and adding new functionalities. Certainly, we use these projects because they just come 
in handy, and offer a high quality solution.


# What's the use of writing a good README?

I think you can guess it already. A good README is for others to understand what our code includes, and why 
it's noteworthy. A README file is also essential to retreive a project - on GitHub but also in browsers

# README for Junior Devs

OK, now let's check why we should care for our README files since the first project!
Even if the code is just for you, possibly you will come back to it after a while. A good README enables you 
to relaunch a project - without wasting your time on recalling: What was it all about?For a budding programmer,
GitHub is a calling card. The projects on GitHub are most often our portfolio. When we're at a career stage 
without a considerable commercial experience or nice-looking non-profit projects, a presentation of our achievements 
in a form of repositories is one of the best way to get visible to the recruiters. A preparation of several 
demonstration projects we want to show off during the interview works the best. If we are just learning and we 
drop our training projects there, let's pay attention to their good description. Even a non-technical recruiter
will be able to recognize the technologies we touched, and check if it goes in line with a candidate's profile 
he's/she's looking for.

# Register a Store Listener

Another method you have access to on the Redux store object is store.subscribe(). This allows you to subscribe 
listener functions to the store, which are called whenever an action is dispatched against the store. One simple
use for this method is to subscribe a function to your store that simply logs a message every time an action is 
received and the store is updated.Write a callback function that increments the global variable count every time
the store receives an action, and pass this function in to the store.subscribe() method. You'll see that store.
dispatch() is called three times in a row, each time directly passing in an action object. Watch the console 
output between the action dispatches to see the updates take place.

# Combine Multiple Reducers

When the state of your app begins to grow more complex, it may be tempting to divide state into multiple pieces. 
Instead, remember the first principle of Redux: all app state is held in a single state object in the store. Therefore,
Redux provides reducer composition as a solution for a complex state model. You define multiple reducers to handle 
different pieces of your application's state, then compose these reducers together into one root reducer. The root 
reducer is then passed into the Redux createStore() method.In order to let us combine multiple reducers together, 
Redux provides the combineReducers() method. This method accepts an object as an argument in which you define 
properties which associate keys to specific reducer functions. The name you give to the keys will be used by 
Redux as the name for the associated piece of state.Typically, it is a good practice to create a reducer for 
each piece of application state when they are distinct or unique in some way. For example, in a note-taking app 
with user authentication, one reducer could handle authentication while another handles the text and notes that
the user is submitting. For such an application, we might write the combineReducers().

Now, the key notes will contain all of the state associated with our notes and handled by our notesReducer. 
This is how multiple reducers can be composed to manage more complex application state. In this example, the 
state held in the Redux store would then be a single object containing auth and notes properties.




