---
Layout: post
Title: My week
Date: 2020-10-09
---


# Review using props with statless functional componets

Except for the last challenge, you've been passing props to stateless functional components. These components 
act like pure functions. They accept props as input and return the same view every time they are passed the 
same props. You may be wondering what state is, and the next challenge will cover it in more detail. Before 
that, here's a review of the terminology for components


A stateless functional component is any function you write which accepts props and returns JSX. A stateless 
component, on the other hand, is a class that extends React.Component, but does not use internal state 
(covered in the next challenge). Finally, a stateful component is a class component that does maintain its 
own internal state. You may see stateful components referred to simply as components or React components.


A common pattern is to try to minimize statefulness and to create stateless functional components wherever 
possible. This helps contain your state management to a specific area of your application. In turn, this 
improves development and maintenance of your app by making it easier to follow how changes to state affect 
its behavior.


# Creating a stateful Component

One of the most important topics in React is state. State consists of any data your application needs to know 
about, that can change over time. You want your apps to respond to state changes and present an updated UI when
necessary. React offers a nice solution for the state management of modern web applications.
You create state in a React component by declaring a state property on the component class in its constructor. 
This initializes the component with state when it is created. The state property must be set to a JavaScript 
object

