---
Layout: post
Title: My week
Date: 2020-11-27
---

# What is React ?

It is a user interface , an open-source front end, Javascript for building user interfaces or UI componets.
It is an Open View library crated and maintained by facebook. It's a great tool to render the User Interface (UI)
of modern web applications. 

# Notable features 

1 Components - React is made of entities called components can be reneded to particlar element in the DOM.
2 Functional componets - are declared with a function that then results some JSX. 
3 JSX - Is an extenstion to be the javascript language syntax. 

React is also a Javascript library for building fast and interactive user interfaces for thr web as well as 
mobile applications.
* JSX
* DOM
* One way Data bunding 
* Extensions 
* Components


# What is Redux ? 

Is a library with simple limited API designed to predictable container for applicaton state. 
It is an Open-source Java-Script for managing application state.


# Benefits of Redux 

* Predictability of outcome - There is always one source of truth, the store , with no confusion about how to
sync the current state with action with actions and other parts of the application.
* Maintainability - Having a predictable outcome and stct structure makes the code more thr code easier to maintain.
* Organixation - Redux is stricter about how code should be organized, which makes code more conistent and easier
for a team to work with. 
* Server rending - This is very useful, especially for the intial render, making for a better user experience 
or search engine  optization. Just past the store created on the server to the clirnt side.
* Developer tools - Developers can track everything going on in the app in real time, from action to state changes.

      


