---
Layout: post
Title: My week
Date: 2020-11-18
---

# Store

A store holds the whole state tree of your application. The only way to change the state inside it is to 
dispatch an action on it.A store is not a class. It's just an object with a few methods on it. To create it,
pass your root reducing function to createStore.If you're coming from Flux, there is a single important 
difference you need to understand. Redux doesn't have a Dispatcher or support many stores. Instead, there is 
just a single store with a single root reducing function. As your app grows, instead of adding stores, you 
split the root reducer into smaller reducers independently operating on the different parts of the state tree. 
You can use a helper like combineReducers to combine them. This is similar to how there is just one root 
component in a React app, but it is composed out of many small components.

# Store Methods

getState()
dispatch(action)
subscribe(listener)
replaceReducer(nextReducer)

# dispatch(action)

Dispatches an action. This is the only way to trigger a state change.The store's reducing function will be 
called with the current getState() result and the given action synchronously. Its return value will be considered 
the next state. It will be returned from getState() from now on, and the change listeners will immediately be notified.
If you attempt to call dispatch from inside the reducer, it will throw with an error saying “Reducers may not dispatch 
actions.” This is similar to “Cannot dispatch in a middle of dispatch” error in Flux, but doesn't cause the problems 
associated with it. In Flux, a dispatch is forbidden while Stores are handling the action and emitting updates. This 
is unfortunate because it makes it impossible to dispatch actions from component lifecycle hooks or other benign places.
In Redux, subscriptions are called after the root reducer has returned the new state, so you may dispatch in the subscription 
listeners. You are only disallowed to dispatch inside the reducers because they must have no side effects. If you want to 
cause a side effect in response to an action, the right place to do this is in the potentially async action creator.