---
Layout: post
Title: My week
Date: 2020-10-23
---


# Java Conditions and If Statements

Java supports the usual logical conditions from mathematics:

Less than: a < b
Less than or equal to: a <= b
Greater than: a > b
Greater than or equal to: a >= b
Equal to a == b
Not Equal to: a != b
You can use these conditions to perform different actions for different decisions.

Java has the following conditional statements:

Use if to specify a block of code to be executed, if a specified condition is true
Use else to specify a block of code to be executed, if the same condition is false
Use else if to specify a new condition to test, if the first condition is false
Use switch to specify many alternative blocks of code to be executed


# Java if...else (if-then-else) Statement
The if statement executes a certain section of code if the test expression is evaluated to true. However,
 if the test expression is evaluated to false, it does nothing.
In this case, we can use an optional else block. Statements inside the body of else block are executed 
if the test expression is evaluated to false. This is known as the if-...else statement in Java.



# Java if...else...if Statement
In Java, we have an if...else...if ladder, that can be used to execute one block of code among multiple 
other blocks.

# Java Nested if..else Statement
In Java, it is also possible to use if..else statements inside an if...else statement. It's called the nested if...else statement.

Here's a program to find the largest of 3 numbers using the nested if...else statement.