---
Layout: post
Title: My week
Date: 2020-11-05
---

# Define a Redux Action

Since Redux is a state management framework, updating state is one of its core tasks. In Redux, all state updates
are triggered by dispatching actions. An action is simply a JavaScript object that contains information about 
an action event that has occurred. The Redux store receives these action objects, then updates its state accordingly. 
Sometimes a Redux action also carries some data. For example, the action carries a username after a user logs in. While 
the data is optional, actions must carry a type property that specifies the 'type' of action that occurred.Think 
of Redux actions as messengers that deliver information about events happening in your app to the Redux store. 
The store then conducts the business of updating state based on the action that occurred.Writing a Redux action 
is as simple as declaring an object with a type property. Declare an object action and give it a property type 
set to the string 'LOGIN'.

# Define an Action Creator

After creating an action, the next step is sending the action to the Redux store so it can update its state. 
In Redux, you define action creators to accomplish this. An action creator is simply a JavaScript function that 
returns an action. In other words, action creators create objects that represent action events.

# Dispatch an Action Event

dispatch method is what you use to dispatch actions to the Redux store. Calling store.dispatch() and passing 
the value returned from an action creator sends an action back to the store .Recall that action creators return 
an object with a type property that specifies the action that has occurred. Then the method dispatches an action 
object to the Redux store. Based on the previous challenge's example, the following lines are equivalent, and 
both dispatch the action of type LOGIN:
The Redux store in the code editor has an initialized state that's an object containing a login property 
currently set to false. There's also an action creator called loginAction() which returns an action of type 
LOGIN. Dispatch the LOGIN action to the Redux store by calling the dispatch method, and pass in the action 
created by loginAction().

