---
Layout: post
Title: My week
Date: 2020-11-20
---

# Store

A store holds the whole state tree of your application. The only way to change the state inside it is to 
dispatch an action on it.A store is not a class. It's just an object with a few methods on it. To create it,
pass your root reducing function to createStore.If you're coming from Flux, there is a single important 
difference you need to understand. Redux doesn't have a Dispatcher or support many stores. Instead, there is 
just a single store with a single root reducing function. As your app grows, instead of adding stores, you 
split the root reducer into smaller reducers independently operating on the different parts of the state tree. 
You can use a helper like combineReducers to combine them. This is similar to how there is just one root 
component in a React app, but it is composed out of many small components.

# Store Methods

getState()
dispatch(action)
subscribe(listener)
replaceReducer(nextReducer)

# dispatch(action)

Dispatches an action. This is the only way to trigger a state change.The store's reducing function will be 
called with the current getState() result and the given action synchronously. Its return value will be considered 
the next state. It will be returned from getState() from now on, and the change listeners will immediately be notified.
If you attempt to call dispatch from inside the reducer, it will throw with an error saying “Reducers may not dispatch 
actions.” This is similar to “Cannot dispatch in a middle of dispatch” error in Flux, but doesn't cause the problems 
associated with it. In Flux, a dispatch is forbidden while Stores are handling the action and emitting updates. This 
is unfortunate because it makes it impossible to dispatch actions from component lifecycle hooks or other benign places.
In Redux, subscriptions are called after the root reducer has returned the new state, so you may dispatch in the subscription 
listeners. You are only disallowed to dispatch inside the reducers because they must have no side effects. If you want to 
cause a side effect in response to an action, the right place to do this is in the potentially async action creator.


# State

type State = any

State (also called the state tree) is a broad term, but in the Redux API it usually refers to the single state 
value that is managed by the store and returned by getState(). It represents the entire state of a Redux application, 
which is often a deeply nested object.By convention, the top-level state is an object or some other key-value collection 
like a Map, but technically it can be any type. Still, you should do your best to keep the state serializable. Don't 
put anything inside it that you can't easily turn into JSON.

# State 

type Action = Object

An action is a plain object that represents an intention to change the state. Actions are the only way to get 
data into the store. Any data, whether from UI events, network callbacks, or other sources such as WebSockets 
needs to eventually be dispatched as actions.Actions must have a type field that indicates the type of action
being performed. Types can be defined as constants and imported from another module. It's better to use strings 
for type than Symbols because strings are serializable.Other than type, the structure of an action object is 
really up to you. If you're interested, check out Flux Standard Action for recommendations on how actions 
should be constructed.

# Reducer

type Reducer<S, A> = (state: S, action: A) => S

A reducer (also called a reducing function) is a function that accepts an accumulation and a value and returns 
a new accumulation. They are used to reduce a collection of values down to a single value.Reducers are not unique
to Redux—they are a fundamental concept in functional programming. Even most non-functional languages, like JavaScript, 
have a built-in API for reducing. In JavaScript, it's Array.prototype.reduce().In Redux, the accumulated value 
is the state object, and the values being accumulated are actions. Reducers calculate a new state given the 
previous state and an action. They must be pure functions—functions that return the exact same output for 
given inputs. They should also be free of side-effects. This is what enables exciting features like hot 
reloading and time travel.

