---
Layout: post
Title: My week
Date: 2020-08-21
---
# Monday

We were given about the steps that would concidered as the important skills of a software developer problem solving.
and we told we have to know different types of languages so that you can be able to identify and solve a propblem.

# Tuesday 

In freeCodeCamp i Learnt that there is a special constructor property located on the object instances duck and
beagle.And that the constructor property is a reference to the constructor function that created the instance. The advantage
of the constructor property is that it's possible to check for this property to find out what kind of object it is. 
And my typing speed is getting better but drops sometimes.And today i solved 3 propblems in codewars, its difficult
but everyday im trying to solve and learn many problems as possible.


# Wednesday 

I leant that when you know exactly how many times you want to loop thorugh a block of code , use the FOR loop a
instead of a while a WHILE loop.The first types of loop we will learn is called a while because it runs "while"
a special conditon is true  and stops once that conditon is no longer true.All this i've leant throughout the week
I also focused on the typying as I have been trying so hard to type fast.

# Thursday 

I leaned about functional programing,The FCC Team had a mood swing and now wants two types of tea: green tea and black tea. 
General Fact: Client mood swings are pretty common.With that information, we'll need to revisit the getTea function from last 
challenge to handle various tea requests. We can modify getTea to accept a function as a parameter to be able to change the type 
of tea it prepares. This makes getTea more flexible, and gives the programmer more control when client requests change.

# Friday

Functional programming is a good habit. It keeps your code easy to manage, and saves you from sneaky bugs.
But before we get there, let's look at an imperative approach to programming to highlight where you may have issues.
In English (and many other languages), the imperative tense is used to give commands. Similarly, an imperative style in 
programming is one that gives the computer a set of statements to perform a task.
Often the statements change the state of the program, like updating global variables. A classic example is writing a for 
loop that gives exact directions to iterate over the indices of an array.
In contrast, functional programming is a form of declarative programming. You tell the computer what you want done by calling a method or function.                                                                                                    