---
Layout: post
Title: My week
Date: 2020-10-16
---

# Access Props Using this.propsPassed

The last several challenges covered the basic ways to pass props to child components. But what if the child 
component that you're passing a prop to is an ES6 class component, rather than a stateless functional component? 
The ES6 class component uses a slightly different convention to access props.Anytime you refer to a class 
component within itself, you use the this keyword. To access props within a class component, you preface the 
code that you use to access it with this. For example, if an ES6 class component has a prop called data, you 
write {this.props.data} in JSX.

#  Review Using Props with Stateless Functional Components

Except for the last challenge, you've been passing props to stateless functional components. These components 
act like pure functions. They accept props as input and return the same view every time they are passed the 
same props. You may be wondering what state is, and the next challenge will cover it in more detail. Before 
that, here's a review of the terminology for components.
A stateless functional component is any function you write which accepts props and returns JSX. A stateless 
component, on the other hand, is a class that extends React.Component, but does not use internal state (covered in the next challenge).
Finally, a stateful component is a class component that does maintain its own internal state. You may see stateful 
components referred to simply as components or React components.


